[v7r0] Resolve etc/grid-security/vomses via env variable X509_VOMSES (#4930)
DIRACGrid/DIRAC: docs/source/AdministratorGuide/HowTo/multiVO.rst

$HOME/.glite/vomses
-------------------

> DIRAC search for VOMS data in the directory pointed by ``$X509_VOMSES`` variable (there is no default location).

Reviewer: There still is the default directory

Author: hmm, you mean `/etc/vomses`, I meant that it will not start looking into `$DIRAC/etc/grid-security/vomses`..

Reviewer: I mean dirac-configure will put things into $DIRAC/etc/grid-security/vomses for usual dirac installations, so that is kind of the default place to look.

Author: clarified and pointed out when this will be dropped

$HOME/.glite/vomses
-------------------

DIRAC search for VOMS data in the directory pointed by ``$X509_VOMSES`` variable.

> Up to including v7r1 DIRAC also searches for this information in `$DIRAC/etc/grid-security/vomses`, however this behaviour is dropped in `v7r2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Up to and including ``v7r1``, DIRAC also searches for this information in ``$DIRAC/etc/grid-security/vomses`` independent of the environment variable. Starting with ``v7r2`` only the ``X509_VOMSES`` variable will be used and must be set in the ``bashrc`` file. Still, the folder ``$DIRAC/etc/grid-security/vomses`` is going to be filled by the ``dirac-configure`` command with the information found in the CS, and is the default location pointed to by ``X509_VOMSES`` in ``bashrc`` files created by ``dirac-install``.
```
